Hello everone my name is Jeff Willer and in this video I'll be reviewing the movie "Black Hawk Down" and giving my recommendation on it. The movie released in 2001 and it pretty much is a movie that is a war movie. Uh it takes place in Somalia, more specifically Mogadishu, Somalia. Um as you can see even in IMDb we get a little sinopsis, "160 elite U.S. soldiers drop into Somalia to capture two top lieutenants of a renegade warlord and find themselves in a desperate battle with a large force of heavily-armed Somalis." It's a very very emotional movie, it it's something that you watch it and you have a lot going on. Not to spoil the movie, but you know obviosuly from the title "Black Hawk Down", you know they enter in through Black Hawks and have sniper support from Black Hawk helicopters and then one of them gets hit. Um and it just leads to a slew of issues that they didn't expect to happen. The operation was suppose to take only half an hour, it end up going you know well into the next morning and it's a it really is a battle for their lives and it it's it is a hard hitting movie. Um you really get to see the effects of war a little bit after as well. Kind a what happens, you know when the dust has settled. Um just to give my my review. If I had to give this movie, you know a ten star rating, I would defintley give it a 9.5. You can see here IMDb gives it a 7.7. But for a movie that released in 2001, it's still today is one of the best war films to come out. Uh I know they were hit with some a some awards. But it it was really a good movie, a that gives you a sense of what war is about, what these guys went through. The a the kind of comradery that is built around war, and and how people kind of connect with each other during a time of crisis and how how essential it is when you're fighting for your life. Uh it it really is a good movie, and if you are really into you know action, war films, whatever it may be, it it really even if you are not, you know check out this video or this movie and and you'll get a sense of really what..what a good movie is about and how it needs to be potrayed. I mean they did a really good job with visuals in this movie. They did a really good job with just about everything and uh again for a movie that was released in 2001, it it really was you know a really good movie. So, a yeah that is my review for "Black Hawk Down". A.. you guys can go ahead and check it out and I hope you enjoyed the video, thank you.    